Haha.
Okay.
Very well, the bow wants to cut off the way of life.
Are you against it?
May the Princess have mercy.
You bit a rural woman.
When you let the bow cut its way, one is more decisive than the other.
Now the Lord's house is for you to cut off your way of life.
You've all become soft-bone mice.
You call yourselves gods of the skull.
The birth itself would shake the foundations of the court.
In front of me.
It's all like an ant.
Are you against it?
You all say a rural woman.
You may respect the chief princess too.
But have you ever thought
Immorality in your mouth.
The cowardly country woman, now holds your life and your death
What did General Su say?
You and I have the difference between clouds and mud.
Don't want to lower the price yourself.
Compare with us
They say I don't discriminate.
Disturbing the whole school.
Who is it after all?
After all, who doesn't make a difference?
Who's disturbing the whole school?
There will be guilt.
Please punish the princess.
My family lied to the palace that year under the general
Under the flag of the palace, outside splendidly.
Accept the emperor's grace
Save this master.
What crime?
Back to the Princess.
The river has committed many crimes.
He committed many major crimes.
According to the law, nine tribes are judged.